Update microsoft-365-vpn-implement-split-tunnel.md (#11256)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/microsoft-365-vpn-implement-split-tunnel.md

#### Optimize IP address ranges

> At the time of writing the IP address ranges that these endpoints correspond to are as follows. It's **very strongly** advised you use a [script such as this](https://github.com/microsoft/Office365NetworkTools/tree/master/Scripts/Display%20URL-IPs-Ports%20per%20Category) example, the [Microsoft 365 IP and URL web service](microsoft-365-ip-web-service.md) or the [URL/IP page](urls-and-ip-address-ranges.md) to check for any updates when applying the configuration and put a policy in place to do so regularly. If utilizing continuous access evaluation, refer to [Continuous access evaluation IP address variation](/azure/active-directory/conditional-access/concept-continuous-access-evaluation#ip-address-variation-and-networks-with-ip-address-shared-or-unknown-egress-ips). Routing [Optimized IPs](/microsoft-365/enterprise/microsoft-365-vpn-implement-split-tunnel#optimize-ip-address-ranges) through a Trusted IP/VPN or [Disabling Continuous Access Evaluation](/azure/active-directory/conditional-access/concept-conditional-access-session) may be required to prevent blocks for 'reason=\"Instant IP Enforcement check failed, 'New or Unknown IP.' for conditional access policies in environments utilizing split tunneling or egress IP variance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the time of writing the IP address ranges that these endpoints correspond to are as follows. It's **very strongly** advised you use a [script such as this](https://github.com/microsoft/Office365NetworkTools/tree/master/Scripts/Display%20URL-IPs-Ports%20per%20Category) example, the [Microsoft 365 IP and URL web service](microsoft-365-ip-web-service.md), or the [URL/IP page](urls-and-ip-address-ranges.md) to check for any updates when applying the configuration and put a policy in place to do so regularly. If utilizing continuous access evaluation, refer to [Continuous access evaluation IP address variation](/azure/active-directory/conditional-access/concept-continuous-access-evaluation#ip-address-variation-and-networks-with-ip-address-shared-or-unknown-egress-ips). Routing [Optimized IPs](/microsoft-365/enterprise/microsoft-365-vpn-implement-split-tunnel#optimize-ip-address-ranges) through a Trusted IP or VPN or [Disabling Continuous Access Evaluation](/azure/active-directory/conditional-access/concept-conditional-access-session) may be required to prevent blocks for _reason=\"Instant IP Enforcement check failed, 'New or Unknown IP._ for conditional access policies in environments utilizing split tunneling or egress IP variance.
```
